# Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 27, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service,
You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under
the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning
regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Service** (referred to as either We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Anonymouslack as Slack app.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service
  or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
  or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected
- **Slack identifiers:** We collect identifiers provided to us by Slack.
  This includes slack workspace and channel identifiers.
- **Usage Data:** We collect information how the Service is accessed and used.
  This data may include information such as the functionality of the Service you use,
  the time and date of your usage and other diagnostic data.
  **We never collect** the user id of anonymous message creators.
  We only keep the hash value of the user id in order not to add like/unlike opinion repeatedly.
- **Log data:** The Service records log data. The log data is retained for 90 days
  and then automatically removed. It may include data provided to the Service by you.

## Use of Data
Anonymouslack uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain the Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer care and support
- To provide analysis of information so that we can improve the Service
- To monitor the usage of the Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues

# Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers
located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction
where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Anonymouslack will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

# Disclosure Of Data

## Legal Requirements
Anonymouslack may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Anonymouslack
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability

# Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"),
to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services
or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on
our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

# Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes
by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By sending an email: anonymouslack23@gmail.com
